V.1 What is 42
1. In the most concise way possible, answer this question, what is 42? How would you describe 42 to someone who doesn’t know what 42 is?

42 - is a nonprofitable private school with campuses in Silicon Valley and Paris, France. It combines new approach to computer science education and great tech atmosphere

2. Why are there no instructions on the initial 42 logic tests?

Because it's a logic test! Everybody needs to figure it out by him/herself.

3. What are the core 42 principles?

Peer-to-peer learning, fail studying, diversity. In one phrase - learning to learn.

V.2 Why 42
4. If somebody is thinking of going to 42, but has no coding experience - do you really think it’s worth their time?

It's worth! The only one think anybody needs to have here - is ability not to give up.

5. What makes 42 unique?

This place without teachers is opened 24/7. Anybody can start study here. Here are lots of people all over the world gathered with only one purpose - to succeed in programming.  

V.3 How to succed at 42
6. What do you think you’re learning the most at 42?

Both soft and hard skills. 

7. Imagine (this will happen very soon in real life!), you’ve been stuck on the problem for a while and have no idea what to do - what your next steps would be?

First of all - gooogle. Then, I would ask somebody to explain me. It will obviously work.

8. How will you ensure that your personal level of motivation remains high on a daily basis to complete at least 1 level per month without the Piscine pressure and strict deadlines?

In my perfect plans I'll gain 2 levels per month. But it's just my plan. Perfect plan.  

V.4 Life after 42
9. If someone asks you why it says internships are required on the 42 website, but they do not offer job placement, what would you say?

I would say that everything is in our hands and we need to find the perfect place to work by ourselves.

10. How do the internships work? Is it mandatory that you have to reach a certain level before leaving on an internship or can you validate it anytime you find one?

As far as I know, we need to show that we are able to handle some amount of problems before having internship or just to take part in a hackathon. So that's why we need to achieve certain level to open new opportunities.

11. How does 42 help you adapt to a work place?

It makes up to communicate with people that's why we develop softskills during studying. The same with dealing with difficulties connected with development process or just any ones.

Bonus
1 bocal

High school program - studying schoolers computer science basics

2 bocal

Automatization of mail and notification services.

3 bocal

Booost program - accelerated cadet program. 